Yeah, there are. There are many problems that really need a specialist,
touch to it or expertise. And I tend to look at things into three
major categories. And those symptoms come in one way, shape or form
in those categories. And that's the mind, the body and the spirit. And
we see when people black sleep or they're not sleeping well or their
diet is not correct or they're exercise. Um, those can really lead
into a lot of different things where that person might be depressed,
maybe going through some issues at home, maybe even considering,
um, harming themselves. Also, we see that with with their mind, if
if they're not actively engaged, if he starts seeing, um, symptoms of
things where they just don't care about different things or they're
disinterested, those also could be symptoms that psychiatrist or psychologist
or a chaplain could kind of walk through. And and even from
my perspective, spiritually, a lot of people who are struggling
with that, um, could be a real symptom of something greater in her life
of, of meaning, of Why are they here? What's the use of it all anyway?
So those types of symptoms that you will see within the mind.
The body and spirit are really opportunities for you to ask that person
to go see professional help for them to go talk to the chaplain
and allow the chaplain to kind of refer them out to either a psychologist
or family life services or or just any place that they might
seem would be a benefit that can really get them in the right frame
of mind.